This is a basic application for studying the [Mandelbrot set](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mandelbrot_set). As Wikipedia says "The Mandelbrot set is the set of complex numbers 'c' for which the sequence ( c , c² + c , (c²+c)² + c , ((c²+c)²+c)² + c , (((c²+c)²+c)²+c)² + c , ...) does not approach infinity." So this mathematical operation (we add the square of a complex number to the complex number, than we do so with the result of this operation) is iterated on a complex number.

	The graphical representation of the set is based on the fact, that a complex number can be visually represented as a pair of numbers (a, b) forming a vector. This pair of numbers can be considered as horizontal and vertical coordinates of the complex plane. The latter can be paralleled to the canvas, the former to the coordinates of a point in the canvas.

	As you can see there are some **color schemes**. These are different kind of sequences in the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RGB_color_space">RGB color space</a>. You can see the logic of the scheme by the **Demo schemes** button. This shows that what color belongs to the given number of iteration.

	It is quite a paradox, but most of the colored points (more precisely the complex number that is represented by the points) don't belong to the set. These are the points, that approach infinity, as we apply on them the iteration repeatedly. The color of the point depends on the number of iterations that is necessary to know whether the complex number would approach infinity. If the absolute value of the iterated complex number reaches 2, it means that the iteration would approach infinity. If we reach the maximum iteration but the absolute value not reaches 2, we suppose that the point in question belongs to the set, and it is colored (here) white.
	
	It is possible to <strong>enlarge</strong> an area of the set by marking out the area with your mouse. Just push left mouse button on the upper-left corner of the area, then draw a line to the bottom-right corner. The enlargeable area is also a square.
	
	When you make a lot of enlargement after each other, you can reach a point where the numbers cannot be represented anymore, because they are too small. The range of the studied numbers is from (-2 + 2i) to (2 - 2i) at the beginning, and it is divided into as many parts as the width and height of the canvas. When you enlarge, this range becomes smaller, so the step between the parts. This step can become so small, that cannot be represented in this app. There are solutions e.g. <a href="http://mathjs.org/">math.js</a>, that give tools for representing much smaller numbers. Without these tools javascript can represent the numbers between 5e-324 to 1.7976931348623157e+308. If the picture is being deformed or you can see only weird lines, that means you reached the **limit of representation**.

	You can adjust the **size of the canvas** in pixels. Now the shape of the canvas is a square, but maybe later it will be redesigned to be able to have two different sides.
	
	The **maximum iteration** can be set, too. Take care that a too big number may freeze your browser for a long time. I tested up to 20000, and it worked well.
